How do you cook pizzas so fast?

MOD’s gas-fired ovens cook at such a high temperature it only takes a few minutes, depending on the number of toppings. Our ovens are pretty big so a lot of pizzas can be cooked at the same time. The result – you get your pizza superfast.

Do you deliver?The best way to experience MOD is to come in and get your pizza right out of the oven. If that’s not possible, some MOD locations work with Doordash so you can get your MOD pizza fix delivered to your home, office or anywhere in between.

What’s the best way to reheat my MOD pizza?

Preheat your oven to 550-degrees. Put your pizza on a cookie sheet and place in the oven for 2-3 minutes.

Where can I find nutritional or allergen information for menu items?

You’ll find everything you need to know is located here: Nutritional Facts and Allergen Information

Do you have gluten-friendly options?

We offer a gluten-friendly and cauliflower crust option. Since we prepare our food on one serving line, we cannot guarantee that any of our menu items are free of allergens or gluten, and none of our crust options are recommended for those with a gluten sensitivity.

Do you have vegan options?

Vegans and vegetarians both have great options at MOD. Our regular and gluten-friendly pizza dough and vegan cheese are dairy-free. Then top off your pizza or salad with whatever sounds good – just be sure to let your MOD Squader know any restrictions. If you would like more information, feel free to contact us.

Who do I contact if I want to work at MOD?

We’re ALWAYS looking for great people to join the MOD Squad. Apply online or stop by your local MOD. Follow us on Facebook to find out about upcoming Job Fairs.

Do you sell MOD gift cards?

You can purchase a MOD gift card at any MOD location, in any dollar amount. We do not sell gift cards online.

Does MOD recycle?

Where possible, we recycle. Because some municipalities do not offer recycling, we’ve made our pizza boxes, napkins, salad containers, cups, straws and utensils 100% bio-degradable.

Does MOD sell franchises?

MOD is a privately owned company consisting of company-owned stores and a select group of strategic franchises. As we continue to grow, we are looking for additional partners that share our values, have a track record of success, and are capable of building out a significant territory. Learn more.

Does MOD make donations for fundraisers?

We are committed to Spreading MODness at the local level, with a special emphasis on groups that serve youth and families. If your organization is located near a MOD Pizza and provide services to your community, we want to hear from you. Learn more today.

Do you cater events?

MOD takeout is a great way to celebrate office events, kids’ parties and other get-togethers – we can even slice pizzas into appetizer-size pieces (just let us know).

Can we host a party at MOD?

Of course – we love a good party. Some MODs have community tables that can be reserved. There are also a few stores with separate areas that can be booked for parties or meetings. Contact your local MOD to see what we can do.

I love your music; how can I listen to it on the go?

You can stream MOD’s music by launching our music player. There are over 2,000 tracks from different decades and genres, with high-energy faves like The Clash and The Ramones.

What is your animal welfare policy?

At MOD, doing the right thing is important - for our MOD Squad, our customers, our communities and with the food that we serve.

We work closely with our suppliers to help assure the humane treatment of animals. MOD supports the Five Freedoms principle proposed by the Farm Animal Welfare Council (FAWC) on the protection of animals kept for farming purposes, and we strive to purchase from suppliers with a demonstrated commitment to these values, including:

• Freedom from hunger or thirst
• Freedom from discomfort
• Freedom from pain, injury and disease
• Freedom to express normal behaviors
• Freedom from fear or distress

As standards in the area of animal welfare are updated, we are committed to continued work with our suppliers, growers, processors, and other members of the foodservice industry to find sustainable models to drive improvements for our industry. We know our customers expect affordable, high quality ingredients that don’t compromise animal welfare, and we are committed to continual improvement.



